Two Personas. 
1.	High school student
2.	TV Show Program Director

1.	High-School Fan: “I want to be a sing and song writer just like AKMU, after I graduate high school.”
i.	About.
b.	Persona Type: Student
c.	Persona’s fictional name: Lee Hyo-Ree
d.	11th Grade High school student. Marital status: single, Location: Seoul, Korea.
e.	2nd child of the family with a big brother.
f.	Major responsibilities. To prepare for a good college in Seoul, and finish 12th grade with an excellent grade. Wants to become a sing and song writer, 
but her parents want her to go to college and get a safe job. She is inspired by AKMU, for they were also just a student who became to be a famous artist with 
relevant songs to other people. 
i.	BFGT.
g.	Behavioral considerations: Hyo-Ree is a dedicated fan who loves AKMU’s songs,  since their first appearance from the K-pop star competition. She is sometimes 
involved with AKMU’s concerts in Seoul, but cannot spend more time than she would because of her busy schedule with school. She listens to AKMU’s music through 
music app called, “Melon.” (similarly to Spotify), and leaves comments down on the app with high praise. Hyo-Ree is following AKMU in Instagram, and leaves comments 
and likes to their daily or weekly activities. She would love to have a separate app/website to have more connection and newsfeed from AKMU, for she is not able 
see them more often than she can.
h.	Frustration: She does not go to AKMU’s website, which is under the YG entertainment website, because it does not only dedicate to AKMU, but other artists as 
well. Also, there is not a way for a fan to have a say in what he/she wants to say in the website, meaning the website is very 1-dimensional with not much freedom 
from the user. Instagram is the only connection to AKMU, and there is not a good way for her say as a fan to the artist. 
i.	Goals with the website: An active website that clearly shows fans’ suggestion tab, and with more variety ways of connecting to the artist are desired. Hyo-Ree 
has a lot to say to AKMU with suggestions to have surprise school concerts, and have the artist to come to their school and do a little concerts, or even have them 
as a one day musical teacher, where fans and the artist can have a different way of interacting. She also wants to have AKMU do a live show online, when she cannot 
go to the concert. Lastly, she wants to be able to buy tickets from the website, so that she does not have to go to another website.
j.	Tasks with the website: 
i.	Hyo-Rhee likes to post background songs on her social media as AKMU
ii.	She also comments of AKMU’s new songs on their Instagram
iii.	She likes to sing and uploads her singing video on Youtube.

2.	TV Show Program Director’s assistant
a.	This person is not only a fan but also a representative of a concert/show provider needing to contact or have information on the artist.
i.	Who
b.	Park Nam-Seok
c.	Korean
d.	35 years old
e.	Program Director
f.	Married
g.	Location: Seoul, Korea
i.	About:
h.	Nam-Seok has been a Program Director’s assistant for about 5 years, who asks many artists and celebrities to be part of his director’s show. He contacts the 
artists directly and indirectly through their managers, to have them part of his shows. He went to college with a degree of show production and aspires to be a 
program director in a few years. With that in mind, he assists many directors for a couple of shows. 
i.	Behavioral Consideration: 
i.	Nam-Seok is mainly in music show programs needing to contact artists and companies on a daily basis.
ii.	He organizes show schedules with various artists, and meets with them in person.
iii.	He reports to his program director for summarized report on who is attending and what they will be performing.
j.	Frustrations:
i.	Many artists are hard to contact for they do not have proper contact information on their website.
ii.	If artists are in a large company, then having to talk to the specific manager of the artist is like penetrating Pentagon’s data base. 
iii.	Websites do not show any specific information on if artists are available of not
k.	Goals:
i.	Nam-Seok’s goal is to find artist’s contact or manager’s contact in the obvious place. 
ii.	He wants to find artist’s schedule on the website so that he can readily see, when the artist is available.

l.	Tasks:
i.	He would want to see what kind of recent activity that the artist has been doing so that he can create a story of what the artist will be talking about and 
performing on his show.
ii.	Things like new songs, where the artist went to perform, how their personal life has been, and even what their next steps are. 
iii.	Nam-Seok usually wants to meet the artist in person first before the show.
