Consultant for an artist to create a website. AKMU

-	Who is the band and what is their identity? (Classical, jazz, electronic, rock)
o	K-pop, soul, folk-pop
o	Who is AKMU? In Korean, we write the name as “악동 뮤지션,” and AKMU is an acronym of the Korean name. They are a duo, consisting of brother, 
“Lee Chan Kyuk,” and sister, “Lee Su Hyun.” In 2012, the duo went on a show called “K-Pop Star 2,” (artist, competition show) where they made the first
media presence, and has won the competition. After that, they joined an entertainment company, YG Entertainment, where it consists of multiple famous K-pop 
artists. After that, they have made multiple albums, that were highly renowned by the audience and reviewers. Now that they have been an official artist duo 
for 5 years, a change in their media presence is necessary to be able to have more diverse and international exposure. 
-	Who is their target audience? What does their fan base look like?
o	Age group: 10s ~ 30s. Since their songs are in Korean, most of the fan based are in Korea, but with their image, and catchy song verses, more and more international 
fans coming into the light.   
-	How does the band want to engage with their fans on their new website? 
o	AKMU’s presence in the web is currently under YG entertainment, that talks about their concert times, current and past albums, and their about. In entertainment 
companies, there is always hierarchy of important artists, and according to the companies agenda, certain artists can be “isolated”, or “not represented in the right 
way.” This new website, will have only AKMU’s main presence that will foster express what the artist want and their fans need. Five things that involves in creating 
new presence and engaging the fans with the artist can be created in the new website. 








o	ONE is social media connection to the website. Each of the sibling has Instagram with followers from 1 million to 2.5 million people. Connecting new feeds from 
Instagram accounts to the website would have fans to readily see the updates and make comments, another source of interaction. 
o	TWO is bi-weekly or monthly interview of update on the website of upcoming event or album.  Update on the artist always comes through as a news feed from the 
marketing, but this strategy will have more personal touch with fans, which will be in a newsfeed tab on the website. 
o	THREE is online Live Concert. All AKMU’s concerts are in Korea and to have more connection with the international fans, with spending least amount of money, it 
would be good to have a live concert online through this website. If there are good number of participants from the international grounds, then actual concerts 
could be possible. 
o	FOUR is Vlog. This can be just another Vlog moment for people, but not unless one has the right content for Vlogs. While there is a Bi-weekly or monthly updates, 
this can be from how they work, how they practice, and talk of shows they participate.
o	FIVE is creating songs with fans live. This can be such a good content for the fans, for they can be a participant for an album. During live show with the fans, 
there can be input from the fans from musical code, concept, visuals, and lyrics, and starting with the big picture of the whole album drawn by the artist.



-	What do similar bands do? What do you like about their websites and why? What features are important? 
o	Another K-Pop artist called “Got7” has a website that is noteworthy in their main presence in the entertainment website. The artist’s main website is under 
JYP Entertainment, and “Got7” artist has a separate website that only shows the artist itself. The audience can concentrate on the artist only, and no other 
artist, or the company’s notices. 
-	What type of media, content or imagery would resonate with the target audience? 
o	AKMU has a diverse type of music that makes the listeners imagine certain colors and images. They create ebullient, and dreamy music, as well as emotional, 
and minor based music. So the adjectives that come up with their musical characters are: pure, bright, gloomy, emotional, lively, dark, and fun. The imagery
that stirs up are: mountains, ocean, trees, summer, fall, dawn, and nostalgia.  
